sync & correction by f1nc0
~ addic7ed.com ~
Steven: This is it, folks.
Rookie sensation Steven
Universe readies his
last spoonful of Kernel's
classic creamed corn.
As the crowd waits with bated
breath, one bite between him
and destiny.
[chomp!] [gulp!]
And he's done it! He's eaten
four cans of creamed corn!
- Pearl: Good afternoon, Steven.
- Steven: Guys, check this out!
Amethyst: Stu-man in the house.
Whatcha got? Whatcha got?
Steven: I got four empty cans of
Colonel Kernel's classic creamed corn.
- Garnet: Cool.
- Steven: Yeah. And on the back are $5 coupons
for mini golf. I ate four cans
so that we could all go together.
Pearl: That's so thoughtful, Steven.
Unfortunately, though, uh...
- Amethyst: We got to go on a mission.
- Steven: What?
Not again! But you guys
promised we'd hang out.
Garnet: A dangerous artifact has
appeared in the Northern hemisphere.
- We need to go retrieve it.
- Steven: But mini golf is so much fun!
There's castles and windmills
and I like it and ...
Oh, look! Look what I brought.
I pulled out my Dad's old clubs and
also found a pair of his old golf pants.
They're a little big on me, but you
can wear them, Garnet. [both chuckle]
- Amethyst: See you, buddy.
- Pearl: We'll bring you something back.
Steven: Well, you're not the only ones
with a dangerous adventure to tackle.
Oh, yeah! You received
the mythril putter.
Doo-doo-doot-doot
doot-doo!
"Don't worry, professor, we're
gonna sink 'em all!" [chuckles]
Uh-oh!
Oh, windmill, why must we always fight?
- Par!
- Steven: Man, it would have been just like this.
[beeping]
[beeping continues]
Steven: "I can't lose! I am the
greatest golfer in the universe!"
[mimics explosions] [laughs]
All right!
- Secret ending!
- Pearl: Hey, Steven. We're back.
- Steven: Hey.
- Project F.L.O.G.? That's "golf" backwards.
- What is this?
- Amethyst: Hey, Steven.
- Want to hear about where we've been?
- Steven: Uh, oh ... wait! Wait! Hold on.
June 9, 2014?
But that was the day he disappeared...
- Steven: Hey!
- Garnet: Steven, look at this.
- Amethyst: It's the wailing stone we found.
- Garnet: The wailing stone I found.
Pearl: Isn't it neat?
It uses high-frequency sound waves...
- Steven: Guys...
- Pearl: ...with a message relay between
- two fixed points...
- Amethyst: You just have to push this!
[whir!, screech!]
[pop!]
Pearl: Amethyst, I told you
- not to turn it on in the house.
- Amethyst: [laughs] Chill out, P.
It's not like anyone got hurt,
and Steven loved it. Steven?
Steven: That was the secret ending!
Now I have to replay the final
dungeon all over again. It's not fair!
I can't go mini golfing, I can't play
my game, I can't stop going to the
bathroom 'cause I ate all that creamed corn.
So much corn. [sighs]
I just wish I had a place for myself.
[humming]
Huh? My gem!
[humming intensifies]
Pearl: Rose's door. Steven, your
gem is opening your mother's room.
- Steven: Whoa.
- Pearl: Steven, wait!
- Garnet: Steven, don't go in there!
- Steven: It's never about what I want to do, is it?
Well, now I have a place where
I'm going, and you can't come!
- All: Steven!
- Steven: [panting] Yes!
Whoa.
So, this is my Mom's room?
She must have liked clouds a lot.
But what kind of room
doesn't even have a bed?
Aah!
Cool. Hmm.
This bed is pretty nice, but you
know what would be really nice?
Quadruple bunk beds!
[gasps] With a slide.
Whoo-hoo!
A parachute! [laughs]
What next? Hmm. Um...
A tiny floating whale?
[whale sings]
Steven: [giggles] Wow.
Here I get anything I ask for.
But you know what I really want?
I want to see the end of my game
without being interrupted.
It's me, your father. After decades
of cryo-stasis, I'm finally free.
Saving the day is
just par for the course.
Steven: Awesome. [yawns]
Hmm. Kind of hungry now.
[laughs]
All right. Wha...?
Hey! I want a real doughnut.
What?!
Can you believe this?
[whale sings]
Now I have to go out  for doughnuts.
Steven: Don't get excited, guys.
I'm only back for a second.
Well... good. I didn't
want to see you anyway.
Steven: Hey! How's my
favorite fine-foods franchise?
So, I'm thinking double-chocolate
cinnamon twist with
sprinkles on the side.
You know I like to dip.
Uh... Steven to Sadie and Lars.
- Is this, like, a joke or something?
- Together: Hello, Steven.
- What kind of doughnut would you like?
- Steven: Uh, I just said ...
- Together: It's very nice to see you, Steven.
- Steven: Well, it's very nice
- to see you, too.
- Together: Here are your doughnuts.
- Steven: Wait. You guys, I only ordered ...
- Together: Okay.
- We love you, Steven. Bye-bye now.
- Steven: Wait!
Where are you guys going?
I still haven't paid for these.
You guys, hold on a ... sec.
Huh? Hey, Onion!
Have you seen Lars and Sadie?
They should have just been out here.
Hey, if you see them, let me know, okay?
Here. Have a doughnut.
I'll leave it here for you.
See you later.
All the lights are
on, but no one's here.
Pee dee?
Oh. Fry bits.
Usually I'm all about the bits,
but I'm feeling kind
of spooked right now.
Gah!
Uh, you know what? I think I'm
gonna go look around some more.
See you later, Frybo.
Aah!
[breathing heavily]
Connie!
I can't believe it's you.
When did you get back in town? Huh?
Aah! The water!
Connie, what's happening?
Where is everyone?
- He was incredible!
- Steven: Uh?
He was incredible!
- Steven: Wh-wh-what?
- He was incredible!
Steven: Get me out of here!
What's wrong with your faces?
Lion, you too?!
[gasps]
Can someone please explain this?!
Huh!
[exclaims] [thud!]
- Steven!
- Steven: Dad? Is that you?
What? Of course. Are
you doing all right?
You look like you saw a ghost.
Either that or you stayed
-  up all night playing a video game.
- Steven: Dad, I'm freaking out.
I feel like I'm stuck
inside of some crazy dream.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Why don't we share
some of those doughnuts
and you can tell me about this
crazy night you're having? [chomp!]
Steven: The gems were trying to
tell me something about Mom's room.
But I was so mad I didn't listen.
They're always leaving me behind, and ...
- I guess I wanted to do it to them, too.
- That's not so bad.
Everyone needs some alone time
now and then. [mimics guitar riff]
[chomp!]
Steven: [chuckles] Yeah, it was really fun
for a while. But now, the whole city ...
everyone and everything is
- acting really weird.
- Well, the important thing is you told the truth.
Yeah... I... guess I did.
[mimics guitar riff]
[chomp!]
Steven: Uh, Dad? Your advice
is making less sense than usual.
Well, the important thing
is family and friendship,
honesty, values, and
no one got arrested.
[mimics guitar riff]
[chomp!]
Steven: Aah! I'm still in the room!
All of this ...
it's all a fake-a-roo!
[mimics guitar riff] [gasps]
Aah!
This is all wrong! Huh?
[breathing heavily]
[exclaims]
Aaaaah!
- I don't want this.
- What do you want, Steven?
Steven: I want to be back
with the gems.
[grunts]
[gasps] Garnet!
[chomp!]
- Garnet: Ow.
- Steven: You're not clouds!
- Amethyst: All right, Steven! [chomps!]
- Pearl: [exclaims]
Steven: Guys, it was awful. I was trapped
in a messed-up version of Beach City.
- Everyone was acting super weird and ...
- Amethyst: You had Rose's room
- build the whole town?!
- Pearl: It can't handle a task like that.
- Thank goodness you're okay.
- Steven: [sighs] I'm sorry I got mad, guys.
I get it now. Things can't
always go exactly how I want.
- Pearl: Oh, Steven, we're sorry, too.
- Amethyst: Mm-hmm.
Garnet: But guess what.
We have time to hang out now. [gasps]
Steven: I always get what I want!
sync & correction by f1nc0
~ addic7ed.com ~